Add Buoyant Cloud integration (#1693)
DataDog/integrations-extras: buoyant_cloud/README.md

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd on your cluster to monitor the health of Linkerd and deployments. With this integration, you can monitor and be alerted on Linkerd's health, workload traffic, and rollout events.

## Setup

### Installation

You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.

### Configuration

1. Click the Connect Accounts button on the tile to complete the OAuth flow.
2. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Notifications][2] page.
3. Click the kebab menu to edit a notification.
4. Go to the **Destinations** section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule to Datadog.

### Validation

As Buoyant Cloud creates events, they appear in the Datadog [event explorer][3].

## Uninstallation

1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][4] page
2. Click the kebab menu to the right of your Datadog org

> 3. Click `Remove`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click `Remove`

Additionally, ensure that all API keys associated with this integration have been disabled by searching for the integration name on the [API Keys page](https://app.datadoghq.com/organization-settings/api-keys).
```
Adding one more comment for oauth-specific integrations. thanks!

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd on your cluster to monitor the health of Linkerd and deployments. With this integration, you can monitor and be alerted on Linkerd's health, workload traffic, and rollout events.

## Setup

### Installation

You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.

### Configuration

1. Log in to your Buoyant Cloud account.
2. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page, and click `Connect Datadog`.
3. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Notifications][3] page.
4. Click the kebab menu to edit a notificaiton.
5. Go to the `Destinations` section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule sent to Datadog.

### Validation

As Buoyant Cloud creates events, you should see them appear in Datadog [event explorer][4].

## Uninstallation

1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page
2. Click the 3 dots to the right of your Datadog org
3. Click `Remove`

## Data Collected

### Events

> Buoyant Cloud sends [events][4] to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: Would it be possible to provide some additional details about these events?

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd on your cluster to monitor the health of Linkerd and deployments. With this integration, you can monitor and be alerted on Linkerd's health, workload traffic, and rollout events.

## Setup

### Installation

You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.

### Configuration

> 1. Click the Connect Accounts button on the tile to complete the OAuth flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the **Connect Accounts** button on the tile to complete the OAuth flow.
```

2. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Notifications][2] page.
3. Click the kebab menu to edit a notification.
4. Go to the **Destinations** section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule to Datadog.

### Validation

As Buoyant Cloud creates events, they appear in the Datadog [event explorer][3].

## Uninstallation

> 1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][4] page
> 2. Click the kebab menu to the right of your Datadog org

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][4] page.
2. Click the kebab menu to the right of your Datadog org.
```

> 3. Click `Remove`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Click **Remove**.
```

3. Click `Remove`

> 4. In the Datadog UI, remove any related Buoyant Cloud API keys from Organization Settings

Reviewer 3: We can remove this line, since it will be automatically added on our side :)

## Data Collected

### Events

Buoyant Cloud sends [events][4] to Datadog.

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Get support from the following sources:

- Browse the [Buoyant Cloud docs][5]
- Reach out in [Linkerd Slack][6]
- [Email the Buoyant Cloud team][7]
- [Contact Buoyant][1]

[1]: https://buoyant.io/cloud
[2]: https://buoyant.cloud/settings
[3]: https://buoyant.cloud/notifications

> [4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/event/explorer

Reviewer 3: This should be a relative link so it works in all datacenters:
```suggestion
[4]: /event/explorer
```

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd on your cluster to monitor the health of Linkerd and deployments. With this integration, you can monitor and be alerted on Linkerd's health, workload traffic, and rollout events.

## Setup

### Installation

You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.

### Configuration

1. Log in to your Buoyant Cloud account.

> 2. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page, and click `Connect Datadog`.

Reviewer: Is this step for OAuth? I think it would be easier to direct the user to the Connect Accounts button on the tile, which will be right next to where this text is displayed :)

3. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Notifications][3] page.
4. Click the kebab menu to edit a notification.

> 5. Go to the `Destinations` section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Go to the **Destinations** section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule to Datadog.
```

### Validation

As Buoyant Cloud creates events, they appear in the Datadog [event explorer][4].

## Uninstallation

1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page
2. Click the kebab menu to the right of your Datadog org
3. Click `Remove`

## Data Collected

### Events

Buoyant Cloud sends [events][4] to Datadog, including:

- Linkerd health alerts
- Linkerd configuration alerts
- Workload traffic alerts
- Workload rollouts
- Manual events

## Troubleshooting

Need help? Get support from the following sources:

- Browse the [Buoyant Cloud docs][5]
- Reach out in [Linkerd Slack][6]
- [Email the Buoyant Cloud team][7]

> - [Contact Buoyant][1]

Reviewer: The difference between email vs. contact may be confusing here, we may just want to list out one option.

[1]: https://buoyant.io/cloud
[2]: https://buoyant.cloud/settings
[3]: https://buoyant.cloud/notifications

> [4]: /event/explorer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[4]: https://app.datadoghq.com/event/explorer
```

Reviewer 2: I recognize that this change was requested by my colleague [here](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-extras/pull/1693#discussion_r1049034864), but unfortunately the relative link leads to a 404 error in the documentation site. We're looking into this internally to try to find a way to use the relative link here, but for now this will have to be an absolute link.
I'll follow up here with any updates from my team about this.

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

> [Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd, right on your cluster, and
> monitors the health of Linkerd so you don't have to. This integration sends that
> information to Datadog so you can monitor and alert on Linkerd's health directly
> in Datadog.
> 
> This integration sends the follow Buoyant Cloud data to Datadog:
> 
> - Linkerd health alerts
> - Workload traffic alerts
> - Managed Linkerd events
> - Rollout events
> - Metrics (coming soon)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd on your cluster to monitor the health of Linkerd and deployments. With this integration, you can monitor and be alerted on Linkerd's health, workload traffic, and rollout events.
```

# Agent Check: Buoyant Cloud

## Overview

[Buoyant Cloud][1] provides fully managed Linkerd, right on your cluster.

This integration sends the follow Buoyant Cloud data to Datadog:

- Linkerd health alerts
- Workload traffic alerts
- Managed Linkerd events
- Rollout events

> - Metrics (coming soon)

Reviewer 4: Thanks for updating this! Could you include 1-2 sentences on the value of the integration and what it does?  Looks like that is the last part we need here

## Setup

### Installation

> You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You
> can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You need to have an account at [Buoyant Cloud][1] to use this integration. You can also sign up for Buoyant Cloud in the Datadog Marketplace.
```

Reviewer 4: fixed spacing

### Configuration

1. Log in to your Buoyant Cloud account.
2. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page, and click `Connect Datadog`.
3. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Notifications][3] page.
4. Click the kebab menu to edit a notificaiton.

> 5. In the `Edit notification rule` dialog, in the `Destinations` section, select
>    your Datadog org to have all events matching the notification rule sent to
>    Datadog.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
5. Go to the `Destinations` section and select your Datadog account to send all events matching the notification rule sent to Datadog.
```

Reviewer 4: Are the notification rules already set or is this something the customer needs to do on their end? If so, we should add it as a step

### Validation

> As Buoyant Cloud creates events, you should see them appear in Datadog
> [event explorer][4].

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As Buoyant Cloud creates events, you should see them appear in Datadog [event explorer][4].
```

Reviewer 4: fixed spacing

## Uninstallation

1. Browse to the [Buoyant Cloud Settings][2] page
2. Click the 3 dots to the right of your Datadog org
3. Click `Remove`

> 4. In the Datadog UI, remove any related Buoyant Cloud API keys from
>    Organization Settings

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
4. In the Datadog UI, remove any related Buoyant Cloud API keys from Organization Settings
```
